---
templateKey: project
title: Facebook Fan
description: Useless machine created to experience the success and “cool” effect
  of receiving social media approval
image: /img/facebookfan.jpg
date: 2019-04-30T04:26:43.334Z
tags:
  - Rapid Prototyping
  - API
---
## Overview

The Facebook Fan uses Facebook Graph API and allows users to experience what pages are the most popular and what people have the most fans. By simply typing in the Facebook Page name/ID, users can enjoy the cooling sensation of different levels generated by the Facebook Page fans. This device supplies a multi-sensory experience by producing a cooling sensation, along with humming sounds and visual speeds, to let people don’t only see the cool and hear the cool, but also feel it.


<div class="grid grid--col_2">
<rehype-image src="facebookfan.jpg" caption="This is one of the four postcards I designed for this event. "></rehype-image>
</div>

## Background

As designers, we are trained to design for usability, functionality and efficiency. Centering around consumer needs and catering the market interest have become our first instinct. A case study on useless machines is a step back from creating for consumerism, it brings opportunities to scrutinize and analyze current underlying social values and judgement systems. their dreams.

## Inspiration

“Useless” and “machine” are inherently a pair of contrary concepts. Influential designer Bruno Munari first married these two words together by calling his inventions the “useless machine”. As artist, designer and innovator, his famous useless machine idea was to “free these forms \[geometrical shapes] from the static nature of a picture \[the futurism paintings] and hang them in the air”. Although they were functionally “useless”, they were not without a purpose. His work was intended to “re-establish the long-lost contact between art and the public, between living people and art as a living thing.”

<div class="youtubeWrapper" style="max-width:800px"><iframe width="100%" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jjqPoa0heMM??rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>